1 2 3 not it well well then a duck
opinion zombies what's up guys a dick up
in in here and you guys may notice these
blue boxes around the map there's a
couple near jog there's one near stamina
and there is one at the church there's
four of these and now you got to kill
around 50 zombies around them and this
is part of the box challenges so this
will be a reward at the end of it which
i will show you guys but I'm not sure of
the name of that rewards I will show the
locations they'll both be by jug one
here and Bible domecq footprint is and
they'll be one at the church which is
where our head now i'm pretty sure let's
do a little flashback yes we are and
there's also one at stamina which you
already taken care of so let's use these
staffs to blast through a whole bunch of
zombies I'm not exactly sure how many is
it could be around 50 or so you know
it's a good number but luckily you can
just wait and wait for it to go away
unlike getting the tomahawk I'll mob of
the dead where you just kind of set
there and guest if you wanted to upgrade
it but I don't quite see it go away but
you can see an icon when you get all
four of them it'll appear above your
perks and we should get it right there
and so it can you go to your reward
station there's a couple reward station
ones at the beginning which is what I r1
back to and I'm not sure to call these
I'll look it up and it'll be in the
title but it's kind of like the sport
from of the Dead it's a one hit kill and
just go around punching and it works
it's pretty cool I like it it's kind of
a good reward because you don't have to
work too hard to get all the boxes full
you can do it kinda just in your spare
time so it works out well so I'm going
to punch kill people tree how it works I
like it a lot so if you like these let
me know if you got a good name for him
leaving in the description below but
they're pretty good they're a lot better
than just buying a blade off the wall
and like call the dead or such they're
really good so keep locked to duck
opinion for more updates more
information and tips and tricks like the
video show support and I will talk to
you guys later peace